.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH BOOC 1 "maggio 31, 2005"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
booc \- BOO compiler
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B booc
.RI [ options ] " files " ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly
.B booc,
the compiler for the BOO language.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-v, \-vv, \-vvv
Compiles using various levels of verbosity.
.TP
.B \-r:refname
Adds a reference where refname is the reference name.
.TP
.B \-pkg:pkgname
Adds references described in the package pkgname, as returned by pkg-config.
.TP
.B \-o:outfile
Place output in file outfile.
.TP
.B \-t:type
Output file will be of given type. Available types are library (to create a
\&.dll file) or exe and winexe (to create executable files.)
.TP
.B \-p:pipeline
Adds the step pipeline to the compile process.
.TP
.B \-c:culture
CultureInfo to use.
.TP
.B \-srcdir:dir
Specifies where to look for source files.
.TP
.B \-resource:<file>[,<name>]
Specify a resource file.
.TP
.B \-embedres:<file>[,<name>]
Embed a file as resource.
.TP
.B \-debug
Adds debug flags to your code. Good for non-production. (On by default)
.TP
.B \-debug-
Does not add debug flags to your code. Good for production environment.
.TP
.B \-checked
Arithmetic operations are checked and will throw an error if an overflow 
occurs. (On by default)
.TP
.B \-checked-
Does not check arithmetic operations. Use this to get the best 
performance if you are confident that it won't affect negatively your 
code.
.TP
.B \-strict
Turns on strict mode (off by default). This changes default visibility to
private for all members (as in C#), requires explicitely declaring return type
and parameter types of public methods (API) and enables a few warnings.
.TP
.B \-nowarn[:W1,Wn]
Suppress all or a list of compiler warnings.
.TP
.B \-warnaserror[:W1,Wn]
Treats all or a list of warnings as errors.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR booi (1),
.BR booish (1).
.br
.SH AUTHOR
BOO was written by Rodrigo Barreto de Oliveira <rbo@acm.org>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Federico Di Gregorio <fog@debian.org>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
Updated by Cedric Vivier <cedricv@neonux.com>.
